OK so now we're going to talk about reducers now inside the source folder just like we did with components.
We to create a folder that it's going to host all the reducers it's going to go right here inside source
and it can create a new folder.
And this is going to be called reducers just like that.
Now we need to create some files and this reducers folder first is going to have an index just an index
file.
So I'm going to go and create an index that G-S and don't worry this is going to make sense in just
a minute.
Now then what we need since since we can either be using movies or movies that we users are going to
create a new file that is going to handle all this movies reducers.
So I'm going to go right here I'm going to say movies reducers.
We just heard just like that and notice that the underscore and reducer is just like a convention.
You can name this whatever you want you know but since this resistor is going to kinda make sense.
So I'm going to go to index back to index and just going to Klaas's OK.
So now if we go right here in our index we can have the provider and the provider is going to be using
the create store with middleware which is created right here at the top.
This function takes an argument and it's going to take a list of all the reducers.
So what we can do we can pass the index we just create it so we can need a common place where all the
reducers are going to be combined into one single element.
So we can pass one argument right here and that's why again we have the index so the index is going
to combine all the reducers and passed to the provider.
So if we go to the right here to the index that we are going to start creating this combination of all
the reducers.
Now what we need to do first we need to import something from redux that is going to be called Combined
reducers.
So I'm going to say import and then just use destructuring and say combine reducers.
Right.
And this is going to be imported from and redux right now 6 You don't need the the current that anyways.
So OK.
So now what we need to do we need to create a viral that is going to host all the reducers.
So we are going to create just conc just marvel and this is going to be called route reducers.
This is going to say rude and then reducer.
And again this is just like a convention.
This route reducer is going to take the combined we do sir.
We import it right here at the bottom and it's going to pass.
We do Sairy that we want to use.
So we're going to say combine reducers and this is going to be a function and it's going to pass an
object with all the reducers it's going to be working with movies.
We're going to say movies.
Let's get tipples that now since we need this for these cons to be available to other components inside
the same application we need to do export default just like we did before and then route.
We do sir.
Okay.
So this code is going to be available inside of all other components.
Okay that's fine.
So let's going to go back to the index and we need to import that file.
So I'm going to say import and begin to bring movies from and the BEGIN to say oh sorry I made a mistake.
Now movies begin at import reducers import reducers.
And again it's going to be from and I'm going to do that for Slash and reducers.
And of course since we have nothing right here it's going to bring the index right here you get.
You get it right here.
OK.
So we have the reducers So we have the list of all the reducers and what we need to do is just read
this and pass it right here as an argument and this is going to use the the store is going to be created
with all the registers right make sense.
So if I just save it and reload the page we should be getting an error.
Movies is not defined and that is good because we didn't have movies reducers.
So I'm going to go right here.
Back to the combined producers and I'm going to import the movies reducer we have right here.
So I'm going to say import movies.
You know we have this same a same name and this movie is going to be imported from and it's going to
be the same folder.
So I'm going to say don't for Slash and then movies.
Reducers So now the movie is reducers Regis or it's going to be level in the combined reducers.
OK.
If I just do a console log we can get again an error is going to say store does not have a valid re
reducer.
Make sure that the argument is passed to combine registers.
This is good because inside movies every users we have a REDUCE-IT run and begin to create it on the
next section.